first pass on the module (#14)
paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl: README.md

Load a dataset from [MLDatasets.jl](https://github.com/JuliaML/MLDatasets.jl.git).
In this example, we use the [MNIST](https://juliaml.github.io/MLDatasets.jl/stable/datasets/MNIST/) dataset.
```julia
using MLDatasets

xtrn, ytrn = MNIST.traindata(Float32) # MNIST training dataset
ytrn[ytrn.==0] .= 10 # re-arrange indices
xtst, ytst = MNIST.testdata(Float32) # MNIST testing dataset
ytst[ytst.==0] .= 10 # re-arrange indices

dtrn = minibatch(xtrn, ytrn, 100; xsize=(size(xtrn, 1), size(xtrn, 2), 1, :)) # training mini-batch
dtst = minibatch(xtst, ytst, 100; xsize=(size(xtst, 1), size(xtst, 2), 1, :)) # testing mini-batch
```

## Definition of the neural network and KnetNLPModel
The following code defines `DenseNet`, a neural network composed of 3 dense layers, embedded in a `Chainnll`.
```julia
DenseNet = Chainnll(Dense(784, 200), Dense(200, 50), Dense(50, 10))
```
Next, we define the `KnetNLPModel` from the neural network.
By default, the size of each minibatch is a hundredth of the corresponding dataset offered by MNIST.
```julia
DenseNetNLPModel = KnetNLPModel(DenseNet; size_minibatch=100, data_train=(xtrn, ytrn), data_test=(xtst, ytst))
```

## Tools associated to a KnetNLPModel

> The dimension of the problem `w` ∈ ℝⁿ:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem dimension n, where `w` ∈ ℝⁿ:
```

```julia
n = DenseNetNLPModel.meta.nvar
```

> ### Get the current variables of the network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get the current network weights:
```

```julia
w = vector_params(DenseNetNLPModel)
```

> ### Evaluate the loss function (i.e. the objective function) at the point `w`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Evaluate the loss function (i.e. the objective function) at `w`:
```

```julia
NLPModels.obj(DenseNetNLPModel, w)
```
The length of the vector `w` must be `DenseNetNLPModel.meta.nvar`.

### Evaluate the loss gradient at the point w:
```julia
NLPModels.grad!(DenseNetNLPModel, w, g)
```

> The result is stored in `g ::  Vector{T}`(of size `DenseNetNLPModel.meta.nvar`).

Author: `g` est un `similar(w)`

> The result is stored in `g ::  Vector{T}`(of size `DenseNetNLPModel.meta.nvar`).

Reviewer: Précise-le.

> The accuracy of the network can be evaluated with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Evaluate the network accuracy

The accuracy of the network can be evaluated with:
```

```julia
accuracy(DenseNetNLPModel)
```
`accuracy` use the full training dataset.

> That way, the accuracy will not fluctuate depending on the testing minibatch used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That way, the accuracy will not fluctuate with the minibatch.
```

## Default behavior
By default, the training minibatch that evaluates the neural network doesn't change between evaluations.

> To change the training minibatch use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the training minibatch, use:
```

```julia
reset_minibatch_train!(DenseNetNLPModel)
```
The size of the new minibatch is the size define previously.

> The size of the training and testing minibatch can be set to `1/denominator` the size of the dataset with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The size of the training and test minibatches can be set to `1/p` the size of the dataset with:
```

```julia

> set_size_minibatch!(DenseNetNLPModel, denominator) # denominator::Int > 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set_size_minibatch!(DenseNetNLPModel, p) # p::Int > 1
```

[docs-stable-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg
[docs-stable-url]: https://paraynaud.github.io/KnetNLPModels.jl/stable
[docs-dev-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-purple.svg
[docs-dev-url]: https://paraynaud.github.io/KnetNLPModels.jl/dev
[build-gh-img]: https://github.com/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=main
[build-gh-url]: https://github.com/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl/actions
[build-cirrus-img]: https://img.shields.io/cirrus/github/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl?logo=Cirrus%20CI
[build-cirrus-url]: https://cirrus-ci.com/github/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl
[codecov-img]: https://codecov.io/gh/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
[codecov-url]: https://app.codecov.io/gh/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl
[doi-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI-10.5281%2Fzenodo.822073-blue.svg
[doi-url]: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.822073

## How to install
This module can be installed with the following command:
```julia
julia> ] add https://github.com/paraynaud/KnetNLPModels.jl.git
pkg> test KnetNLPModels
```

## Synopsis

A `KnetNLPModel` gives the user access to:
- the values of the neural network variables/weights `w`;

> - the value of the objective/loss function `L(X, Y; w)` at `w` for a given minibatch `(X,Y)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the value of the objective/loss function `L(X, Y; w)` at `w` for a given minibatch `(X,Y)`;
```

> - the gradient `∇L(X, Y; w)` of the objective/loss function at `w` for a given mini-batch `(X,Y)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the gradient `∇L(X, Y; w)` of the objective/loss function at `w` for a given mini-batch `(X,Y)`.
```

Reviewer: I already suggested the changes above.

In addition, it provides tools to:
- switch the minibatch used to evaluate the neural network;
- change the minibatch size;
- measure the neural network's accuracy at the current `w`.

## Example

> This step-by-step example suppose prior knowledge [julia](https://julialang.org/) and [Knet.jl](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl.git).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step-by-step example assumes prior knowledge of [julia](https://julialang.org/) and [Knet.jl](https://github.com/denizyuret/Knet.jl.git).
```
Also suggested before.
